README.md, before:

## Tutorials for MYLA Products

# dIVa 

A dynamic interface with visual analytics, dIVa elevates your aRPG journey with real-time statistics and intelligent overlays, Speed Leveling, and more! Supports PoE2, D4 and D2R

[Tutorial](https://myla-llc.github.io/tutorials/dIVa/index.html)

*Designed for true enthusiasts, **dIVa** is your ultimate aRPG analytics companion. Discover the most resource-efficient gameplay strategies across multiple games with in-game overlays that provide real-time updates on Gold, Experience, and Speed Leveling. Maximize your efficiency in every gaming session with **dIVa**!*

### Supported Games
- Path of Exile 2 (Early Access)
- Diablo IV (including Vessel of Hatred expansion)
- Diablo II: Resurrected

dIVa supports multiple languages, allowing you to enjoy the full experience in your preferred language!
- English
- Español
- Português

## (Latest Features) Path of Exile 2 & Themes

Experience dIVa in a whole new light with our latest update!

### Support for Path of Exile 2 (Early Access)

- **Character Detection:** Introducing a specialized class detection system for Path of Exile 2 characters.
- When you log in, dIVa will prompt you to select your character's class, and will remember it for future sessions, ensuring accurate character tracking and analytics while Overwolf game events are in development.
- **Experience Meter Enabled:** Experience Game Event is now supported in Overwolf

### Theme System

- **Game-Specific Themes:** Each supported game now has its own unique theme, bringing the perfect ambiance to your analytics:
  - **dIVa:** The default theme, fiery orange and red darkness
  - **Vessel of Hatred:** Embrace the new jungle green aesthetics with our Diablo IV expansion theme
  - **Path of Exile:** Experience the gritty midnight blue atmosphere of Wraeclast
- **Dynamic Theme Switching:** Themes automatically adjust based on your active game, or manually select your preferred theme in [Settings](settings.html#themes)
- **Enhanced Visuals:** Revamped UI elements, icons, and color schemes to match each game's unique aesthetic

Visit our [User Guide](https://myla-llc.github.io/tutorials/dIVa/index.html), or see the introduction video on [YouTube](https://youtu.be/9ZPsBgi1_M8)!

Commit message:

Diablo IV: Season of Witchcraft Update

README.md, after:

## Tutorials for MYLA Products

# dIVa 

A dynamic interface with visual analytics, dIVa elevates your aRPG journey with real-time statistics and intelligent overlays, Speed Leveling, and more! Supports PoE2, D4 and D2R

[Tutorial](https://myla-llc.github.io/tutorials/dIVa/index.html)

*Designed for true enthusiasts, **dIVa** is your ultimate aRPG analytics companion. Discover the most resource-efficient gameplay strategies across multiple games with in-game overlays that provide real-time updates on Gold, Experience, and Speed Leveling. Maximize your efficiency in every gaming session with **dIVa**!*

### Supported Games
- Path of Exile 2 (Early Access)
- Diablo IV (including Vessel of Hatred expansion)
- Diablo II: Resurrected

dIVa supports multiple languages, allowing you to enjoy the full experience in your preferred language!
- English
- Español
- Português

## (Latest Features) **Diablo IV: Season of Witchcraft Update**
Updated Dungeon data for Season 7

### Path of Exile 2 (Early Access)

- **Character Detection:** Introducing a specialized class detection system for Path of Exile 2 characters.
- When you log in, dIVa will prompt you to select your character's class, and will remember it for future sessions, ensuring accurate character tracking and analytics while Overwolf game events are in development.
- **Experience Meter Enabled:** Experience Game Event is now supported in Overwolf

### Theme System

- **Game-Specific Themes:** Each supported game now has its own unique theme, bringing the perfect ambiance to your analytics:
  - **dIVa:** The default theme, fiery orange and red darkness
  - **Vessel of Hatred:** Embrace the new jungle green aesthetics with our Diablo IV expansion theme
  - **Path of Exile:** Experience the gritty midnight blue atmosphere of Wraeclast
- **Dynamic Theme Switching:** Themes automatically adjust based on your active game, or manually select your preferred theme in [Settings](settings.html#themes)
- **Enhanced Visuals:** Revamped UI elements, icons, and color schemes to match each game's unique aesthetic

Visit our [User Guide](https://myla-llc.github.io/tutorials/dIVa/index.html), or see the introduction video on [YouTube](https://youtu.be/9ZPsBgi1_M8)!
